feat: enable layerZero token transfer (#3)
sidestream-tech/sky-star-test-setup: README.md

7. Deploy, configure and verify contracts
    ```sh
    forge script script/SetUpAll.s.sol:SetUpAll --fork-url sepolia -vv --broadcast --verify --slow
    ```

8. (optional) Commit generated `broadcast/SetUpAll.s.sol/11155111/run-latest.json` and `script/output/11155111/output-latest.json` to record deployed contract addresses 

> 9. Deploy and wire `oft` on `destinationToken` following [the instruction](#test-mainnetcontrollertransfertokenlayerzero)

Reviewer: - I think including this as step 9 is misleading, since linked instruction suggest that you first need to deploy oft onto the destination chain. So I would put it on top, e.g. as point 0
- I think this step should also be optional, only required when LayerZero testing is needed

9. Deploy and wire `oft` on `destinationToken` following [the instruction](#test-mainnetcontrollertransfertokenlayerzero)

## Environment Variables

| Variable              | Description                                                                 |
|-----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `PRIVATE_KEY`         | Deployer's private key (used as admin for all contracts)                    |
| `FOUNDRY_ROOT_CHAINID`| Chain ID for deployment                                                     |

> | `FUJI_RPC_URL`        | RPC URL for Avalanche Fuji                                                  |

Reviewer: You still have `Fuji` in the `foundry.toml` (so maybe it's wise to keep it here?)

## Test `MainnetController.transferTokenLayerZero`
To use `MainnetController.transferTokenLayerZero`, [`oft`](https://docs.layerzero.network/v2/developers/evm/oft/quickstart) should be deployed on the destination domain and then [wired](https://docs.layerzero.network/v2/developers/evm/oft/quickstart#deployment-and-wiring) to usds that was deployed from this script. 

> It can be done in the following order

Reviewer: Should, can or "have to"/"must" be?
```suggestion
To test LayerZero-related functionality, the following points MUST be executed in the provided order:
```

Author: For other destination domain than Solana, step 4 can also be done before oft deployment. So I'll add this in the description

> 1. Deploy `oft` on the destination domain
> 2. (For Solana) Create token account of layerZero transfer recipient  
> 3. Add recipient address to `layerZeroRecipient` in  `script/input/{chainId}/input.json`  
> 4. Execute test setup script following [`Quick Start`](#quick-start)
> 5. Wire deployed `usds` to `oft` on destination domain

Reviewer: Please make this list clear and exhaustive (collect all links and subpoints here) rather than pointing to other sections:
```suggestion
1. Deploy `oft` on the destination domain by following [LayerZero documentation](https://docs.layerzero.network/v2/developers/solana/oft/program)
2. Create token account for the LayerZero recipient on Solana, using this command `...`
3. Convert Solana token address into base32 value using this encoder
  - Select `Decode` tab
  - Select `Treat Output As HEX`
  - Paste Solana address
4. Add converted recipient address under `layerZeroRecipient` in `script/input/{chainId}/input.json`
5. Deploy OTF onto EVM chain by following the rest of the steps in [`Quick Start`](#quick-start) section
6. Wire USDS on the EVM side to the OTF (deployed in step 1) by following ... guide
7. On the EVM side, call `transferTokenLayerZero()` using the relayer address
```

Note that the suggested text have quite some gaps that you need to fill in. I think it actually makes sense to be even more detailed here and add more steps as documented in the actual testing [here](https://github.com/sidestream-tech/sky-star-test-setup/pull/3#issuecomment-3074132451) (just without the results/txs)

Author: I guided to follow [example repo](https://github.com/LayerZero-Labs/devtools/tree/main/examples/oft-solana) but added more detailed instruction as in the [comment](https://github.com/sidestream-tech/sky-star-test-setup/pull/3#issuecomment-3074132451)

6. Test `MainnetController.transferTokenLayerZero` 
    1. Call `MainnetController.mintUsds` (eg. `MainnetController.minUsds(1000000000000000000)` - mint 1 usds)
    2. Call `MainnetController.transferTokenLayerZero` (eg. `MainnetController.transferTokenLayerZero{value: 0.0005}(evmUsdsAddress, 1000000000000000000, 40168)` - transfer 1 usds)
         - NOTE: native token needs to be send to cover LZ fee. The used values are example with safe bumper.
7. Transaction can be found from: `https://testnet.layerzeroscan.com/address/{usdsTokenAddress}` 
   - Token should be transferred to recipient wallet on Solana when tx status is updated to `delivered`

### How to deploy `oft` on Solana
- Deploy program: https://docs.layerzero.network/v2/developers/solana/oft/program
- Create OFT: https://docs.layerzero.network/v2/developers/solana/oft/account

> - Example repo: https://github.com/LayerZero-Labs/devtools/tree/main/examples/oft-solana

Reviewer: Nit: please remove this redundant section (and, if needed, incorporate those links to relevant points of the "Test `MainnetController.transferTokenLayerZero`" section)
